Jump Not Included v1.11.0 - SGD checkout verification
Executed: 2026-09-23
Unity: 6000.3.24f1, Windows, isolated project copy

PASS: C# runtime/editor compilation and pure payment/economy rules.
PASS: Complete runtime suite, 161 assertions (16 new payment assertions).
PASS: Actual Unity game-view rendering at 1280x720, 960x540 and 1024x768.
PASS: Nine states per resolution (27 PNGs in previews/payment/):
      packs, empty activity, link card, review, processing, receipt,
      insufficient wallet balance, activity, insufficient card credit.
PASS: Focused IMGUI submit selects Continue, Link, Pay and Cancel correctly.
      The submit flag used by Enter is injected into the rendered IMGUI;
      this is button-dispatch verification, not a physical keyboard recording.
PASS: Cancelling from the focused processing button creates no charge or coins.
PASS: Pack prices, wallet button and activity link fit after correcting clipping.
PASS: Receipt shows S$9.80 paid, 1000 coins delivered and S$89.20 credit left.
PASS: Activity distinguishes virtual-card and SGD-wallet payments.
PASS: Insufficient funds show a reason and disable payment without a receipt.
PASS: Windows x64 build completed with bundleVersion 1.11.0.

The virtual card is generated locally; no real payment credentials or network
requests are involved. Its S$99 limit, linked status and transactions belong to
one run. Screenshots use controlled test balances; the decline screenshot sets
used credit to S$98.00. UTC timestamps and order IDs are generated by the game.

Known editor-only log: Unity SearchDatabase startup indexing emitted an
ArgumentOutOfRangeException. The payment runner still completed all captures
and focus assertions with exit code 0; the stack contains UnityEditor.Search,
not game payment code. Full runtime checks and Windows build also succeeded.

Reproduce on a disposable project copy (capture resets its current run):
Unity.exe -batchmode -projectPath <copy> -executeMethod PaymentCapture.Start
The capture runner requires graphics; do not add -nographics. It exits the
editor after completion and writes ../artifacts/payment-previews/*.png.

These captures are layout and behavior evidence, not a course submission video
or a claim of complete manual playtesting.
